I love a good yard sale,
but in Westport,
they're called "estate sales."
Wait, I didn't hit that hard enough.
"Estate sales."
Okay, it's just a bunch of stuff
a dead person's kids don't want.
- Calm down.
- Let us in! Let us in!
- Let us in!
- Oh, no.
There's stupid Chloe Brown Mueller
and her husband, stupid Stan Lawton.
Ooh, we should call them over.
Greg, I wasn't using "stupid"
to mean, like, "funky fresh."
I really don't like them.
I mean, Stan's okay,
but Chloe's the worst.
She's always mommy-blogging and
Instagraming, and to top it all off...
Hey, Stan, it's me... Greg!
Did you just wave them over here?
Greg, you will never believe
what I just saw.
See that table?
- See the racist mugs?
- Uh-huh.
Right next to that are actual arrowheads
made by the Paugussett tribe.
Ah, the original settlers of Westport.
Mm, we could have been better to them.
Slaughtered them,
drove them from their lands,
such a tragic history.
Yes, but they do have
that nice plaque on Main Street.
- That's true!
- Mm-hmm.
- After you, sir.
- No, no, after you, sir.
- So, Katie, how's everything?
- Let's not.
Okay, good, because I didn't care.
What kind of yard sale is this?
Where are all the neon beer signs?
Where's that singing bass
telling me to take it to the river?
Whoa.
Four perfectly weathered
Adirondack chairs for only $85!
Be cool, Katie.
Don't attract attention
to this awesome deal.
Everyone back off! These are mine. So...
Oh. Excuse me!
- I'd like to buy these.
- No, I'm sprawled here.
It's the universal sign for,
"These are my chairs."
Choking... These are my chairs.
Okay, that's how a garage sale works.
This is a tag sale,
so whoever has the tag gets the sale.
And since I have the tag,
who do you think gets the sale?
Do you think it's you?
'Cause it's not.
It's me.
Okay, pumpkin?
Hey, if you're gonna be in my selfie,
the least you can do is smile.
Or at least do something
more flattering with those legs.
Another universal sign coming at you.
I'll crop you out.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
The only reason she bought those chairs
is because I wanted them.
And the worst part about it
is they belonged to Paul Newman.
Oh, what makes you think that?
Paul Newman lived in Westport.
He used chairs. Connect the dots.
You and Chloe should really talk
this out on our double date tonight.
- Our what?
- Stan planned it.
We're having dinner at one restaurant
and the dessert at another.
"Can he be any more fun?" I ask,
but the answer is clearly no.
Okay, before you break out
into "I Am Sixteen Going on Seventeen,"
you need to know that I won't be there.
Oh, why not?
I'm not having dinner
with Chloe Brown Mueller,
but if you would like to have
a single date with Stan,
be my guest.
I guess it's boys' night out.
Going big tonight.
I should take an extra Zantac.
What happened to
the pony pencil case I gave you?
A girl at school took it.
I asked for it back, but she pushed me
and used one of Mama's
angry driving words.
- Did you tell a teacher?
- She told me I better not,
then used one of Mama's angry
talking-about-Grandma words.
That girl sounds like a bully.
You need to stand up to her.
And I'm gonna teach you how.
Shouldn't we loop in an adult on this?
Advice from Taylor is rarely good.
I peed sitting down for way too long.
I know what to do.
When I was her age,
this girl Erin Smith
teased me every day.
She called me a "lezzie"
because she thought
that I was less than.
That is not what Erin meant.
Then one day, Erin pushed me too far,
so I walked right up to her
and punched her in the nose.
After that, the bullying stopped.
So if someone's treating me badly,
I should punch them?
Right in the nose.
Thanks, Taylor.
When she called you "lezzie,"
was that when you had short hair
and were playing softball?
Yeah.
I thought you were less than, too.
Stan and I had the best time ever.
Over drinks, we...
do you want the full recap
where you glaze over,
or should I skip to the end?
Skip to the end.
And then Stan said,
"No, at the Levitt Pavilion."
Sounds great.
I'm happy you had fun
with your new best friend
in the whole wide world.
I know you're teasing me,
but I don't care
'cause my best friend
in the whole wide world
invited us to the
Mayflower Descendant's Reception
at the Westport Colonial Fair!
There's a silly group of words.
It's a reception honoring the
descendants of the Mayflower.
Stan is one, and he offered to
bring us as his personal guests.
Will Chloe be there?
Of course.
Oh, I think I'm coming down
with something.
- Katie.
- If you want,
I will really commit
and eat a dirty tissue.
This invitation is a real honor.
I can't turn Stan down.
He's my first real friend in Westport.
You have a ton of friends.
What about Doris' husband?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dave, you have no idea
how much you're saving me right now.
Exactly my point.
For me, Chloe Brown Mueller
is just as bad as Richard.
That wasn't your point. You were actually
trying to make the opposite point.
It's not important
where the good idea comes from,
the takeaway is I am not spending
an entire day at the fair with her.
You know, I do a lot of stuff for you
that I don't want to do.
I'm cashing in some of my marital chips.
- Chips?
- Yeah, chips.
Points I get for going along with
things you want to do when I don't.
Like what?
What happened to the afghan my
Nana knitted us for our wedding?
Well, like Nana,
it's in a box and put to rest.
Thanks for agreeing to drive tonight.
Oh, sorry, hon, I'm already four deep.
Let's see "Trois Souvenirs
De Ma Jeunesse."
It's a French film
about an anthropologist
reflecting on his life
before moving to Tajikistan.
We're seeing "Batman v Superman:
Dawn of Justice."
But you loved "Batman v Superman."
I only said that to make you happy.
"Batman v Superman" makes no sense.
What?! That movie is amazing.
Batman, the world's greatest detective,
doesn't know Superman's weakness
until Lex Luthor tells him.
There are five dream sequences
in the movie.
None of them reveal anything
about any character.
And, most importantly,
Superman has heat vision.
He should have melted Batman
in the first act, movie over.
But so much stuff blew up.
You have the best husband around.
- I know that.
- Do you?
Because I'm pretty damn accommodating.
Mostly because I don't care and
I'm happy to sacrifice for you.
But not on this one.
Every day around here is Katie time.
Right now, it's Greg time.
Mm, I don't know.
Sounds like you're messing
with a system that works.
Fine.
I'll go.
And at the fair, you're gonna play nice
with Chloe Brown Mueller
because it's important to me.
Can I pull the "I had your babies" card?
- No.
- Damn it.
Look, they've got a blacksmith,
a cobbler, and a candle maker.
Of course, in the period,
people traditionally
made their own candles at home,
- but I'm not gonna pull that thread.
- Yeah, we'll keep it light today.
Westport is one of the leading
onion producers in the colonies.
And this is what an onion looks like.
- Touch it.
- No.
Pass it around.
- Isn't this fun?
- So fun.
You there, the continental army
needs able-bodied men as recruits.
Will you help us fight the British?
A million times yes.
Actually, you're a minuteman,
not a continental army regular.
Stan, keeping him honest.
- Mm-hmm. Flagon of mead?
- Love it.
Could you get a wide shot
of me holding this musket?
'Course, but what sort
of contraption is this?
I've... I've never seen
anything like it.
Okay, just cut the crap
and take the picture.
Okay.
I'd do anything for Superman
or Batman to come down here
and kill all these people.
Good day, madam, do you want
to learn how to churn butter?
I really don't.
You there, you look like a woman
who can churn butter.
I don't know what that means,
but it sounds hurtful.
Hello, young lady,
have you ever touched
a butter churn before?
What is it with you people
and the butter?!
Thank God, a bench.
Finally, something
that doesn't make butter.
Hey.
Stop writing "chair thief"
on all of my posts.
Why, whatever do you mean?
I know "Addy Rondack" is you.
I don't know who Addy Rondack
is, but that's a good pun.
She seems like a very smart lady.
Well, she keeps saying that
I stole Paul Newman's chairs,
and now I got Joanne Woodward
up my ass about it.
- Ladies, there you are.
- Oh.
We have some very exciting news.
This weekend, the four of us
are gonna participate
in a reenactment of...
The Battle of Ridgefield!
I apologize.
I stole that moment from you.
Please, go ahead.
The Battle of Ridgefield!
Women can either be dying civilians
or blood-covered nurses.
Strong opinions?
- Either way.
- Mm.
Blood-covered nurses it is.
Tonight,
we'll rehearse your distant look
as you remember happier times
before you knew the sound of
a saw blade on a gangrenous leg.
He's so fun.
Ooh, butter churning! Come on, hon.
Do we have to go?
Yes. You owe me.
But you already spent your chips.
- I have so many more.
- How many more?
Take in this dramatic pause.
So many.
Oh.
I need to find a way
to get Chloe out of my life.
Maybe I'll try the strategy
they used to win
the Battle of Ridgefield,
but that means I'd have to look it up.
So I won't.
Hey, you're in my spot.
Sorry, Anna-Kat, you snooze, you...
What the hell?
You're being a bully.
Anna-Kat, good for you
standing up for yourself.
Are you both out of your minds?
I'm bleeding!
I don't know what Mom
is always complaining about.
This parenting thing
is super ascertaining.
Am I using that right?
No.
At the colonial fair,
I should have stuck your head
in a butter churn and kept on churning.
At the colonial fair,
I should have kicked you
in the shins repeatedly
with a steel-tipped boot.
You see, mine was better
- because I used elements of the fair.
- Mm.
Oh, God, I find it really refreshing
to openly hate another person.
Hate is a strong word,
but also accurate.
I hate you.
- Me, too.
- Yeah.
Now, how are we going to get out
of the Revolutionary War reenactment?
Oh, Stan cashed in
a ton of marriage points.
We call them chips.
Uh-huh.
We inherited my late mother's bunnies,
so I pretty much have to go.
The thought of being with you on
a road trip makes me want to kill myself.
You're probably one of those women
that does a lot
of shoulder-dancing in the car.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I pump fists, too.
Oh, God, I already feel sick.
- You know what?
- What?
We should show our husbands this.
- What do you mean?
- Our relationship.
If we show Greg and Stan how awful it is
to be around us when we're together,
they will never ask us
to double date again.
I like that.
- Yes.
- Not you. I hate you.
Back at you.
Bon appétit.
- Mm-hmm.
- Ah!
Boom.
I did that.
Enjoy your eggs.
Thanks so much for inviting
Stan and Chloe over for dinner.
I really appreciate you
making the effort.
Hey, it's a marriage.
We guilt each other into doing things.
Good evening, sir.
No, good evening to you, sir.
We brought wine.
Ah, yes, this is a very special bottle
commemorating my heritage
as a Mayflower descendant.
- Oh.
- Did you know that the Mayflower
was originally a wine transport?
I did, but it's still fascinating.
Please, go on.
Well, it was originally
a wine transport,
- and that's all that I have.
- Oh.
Come on, Chloe.
Let's open this bottle
and let it breathe.
Okay, this just got
real boring real fast.
We need to end it quick.
Hey, Katie, it's so great
to finally see your place.
I've always wondered what
the tiny-house craze was about.
You know what
I've always wondered, Chloe?
What's that?
Do the thousands of likes
you get on your Instagram
make up for the zero likes
you get in real life?
Do you have a cat
or just a candle that smells like urine?
Tell me your secret...
how do you keep your face
looking so old?
- They're looking.
- Okay, let's put this thing to bed.
Give me a little shove.
- Good idea.
- Okay. Ah!
What the hell was that?!
I didn't know you were gonna go flying.
What are you made of, hollow bones?
That bottle was irreplaceable.
But to be fair,
we were just about to drink it,
so it would have been gone anyway.
It's kind of funny when you
think about it that way.
Funny? That bottle
represented the Mayflower
and everything
its passengers accomplished.
The Mayflower is important,
but its historical significance
has always been overstated.
Have you gone mad, sir?
The Susan Constant, Discovery, and
Godspeed all predate the Mayflower.
Yes, but you must agree,
without the Mayflower,
America never would have formed.
Now I ask you, sir... have you gone mad?
Let's remember our place here, Gregory.
You are a junior member
at the Historical Guild.
Yes, but I only joined a few months ago.
You've been there for five years,
and you're still just
the recording secretary.
That was a low blow, sir. Good day!
Good day to you, sir!
No, I am the one that says good day!
Shouldn't we do something?
I don't want Greg and Stan
not to be friends.
No, who cares? As long as we never
get to see each other again.
Babe, you okay?
Yeah, I'm... I'm fine.
I'm completely and totally fine.
Crap. Greg's sad,
and there's wine everywhere.
Should I ask him to help clean up?
I mean, it would be a lot faster.
Hey, Greg.
I love you.
Good hold, Katie, good hold.
Greg only does puzzles
when he's super depressed.
That piece is obviously
part of the horse's hoof.
Come on, man!
Need some help?
Sure.
You were right.
They really are
stupid Chloe Brown Mueller
and stupid Stan Lawton.
I'm sorry that you and Stan
got in a fight.
It's okay.
It just sucks because Stan
is the first guy
I really connected with in Westport.
Everyone else works in finance.
Whenever I say I'm a history professor,
they say, "Oh, that's so cool.
I just spent $3,000
on a ticket for 'Hamilton.'"
And to make matters worse,
Stan just kicked me out
of the Historical Guild.
Oh, babe. I am so sorry.
It's okay.
Maybe I'll just join the
Westport bird-watching society
and make new friends.
Oh, who am I kidding?
They'll never take me.
If I would have just been a good wife,
my husband would have still
had his boyfriend.
For some reason, hearing that Greg
is depressed really bums me out.
Me, too.
It's like hearing a puppy died.
Or that that panda at the zoo
doesn't want to have sex
with the other panda.
You and Chloe drove them apart.
It's your responsibility
to put them back together.
Mm-hmm. You should go talk to her.
- You should shut your face.
- Uh...
Sorry, she just really riles me up.
I'm not going to Chloe for help.
She'll just be all smug
and have me grovel and beg.
And then she will enjoy
every minute of it.
You don't know that.
Sure I do because
if it was the other way around,
I would be so mean
and it would be so much fun.
Just suck it up and get it done.
Fine.
I'll go talk to Chloe.
Yeah, 'cause Greg's a saint.
I'd marry him if I had the chance.
You heard me.
He always smells like toffee.
Stay away from my husband.
How'd it go at recess today?
Great.
I asked this boy
if I could play with his ball.
He said no,
so I punched him in the nose.
He ran away, and I took it.
Oh, crap.
All the other kids saw,
so now I just take whatever toys I want.
Isn't it awesome?
No!
This is not awesome.
You're going to get in trouble.
No way. I run that playground.
Going around punching
whoever you want is bad.
No, it's not. I punched Oliver
and got my seat back.
I punched a kid at school,
and now I have new toys.
And I get to cut in line
at the tire swing.
Punching people works.
Just like you taught me.
Anna-Kat, promise me you'll
please stop punching people.
Nah.
Okay, promise me you won't
tell Mom any of this happened.
I'll do what I want to do!
Katie!
You're trespassing.
I only need five minutes.
Can we talk inside?
You know what? It is such a nice day,
why don't we chat on the patio?
Come on.
Katie, these are my Adirondack chairs.
Adirondack chairs, you remember Katie.
Come on, Katie. Do this for Greg.
Without him,
you wouldn't have Anna-Kat
or those other two kids.
So what is it you wanted to discuss?
I came here to ask for your help.
Appearance, manners, parenting?
What are we talking about here?
- For you hair?
- No.
My husband is miserable
without your husband,
and I need you to convince Stan
to become friends with him again.
Please.
Consider it done.
Seriously?
Of course.
It's no skin off my back.
Why wouldn't I help?
Well, thank you, Chloe.
I thought this was gonna be,
like, a whole...
I just need you
to answer one question, though.
There she is.
Did I steal these chairs
or did I get them fair and square?
Excuse me?
Did I steal these chairs
or did I get them fair and square?
The truth is...
you stole them!
You're nothing but a damn chair thief.
So fun chatting with you.
Say hello to your sad husband for me.
Chloe, wait.
You're not a chair thief.
You got these chairs fair and square.
There, you happy?
- Now on film.
- What?
Well, you slandered me on the Internet,
the least you can do is correct it.
Okay, well, then,
let's just get this over with.
- Great.
- Okay?
So, um... Hey, Internet.
Wait, could you start it with,
"What's up, my Chlo-riders?
It's me... Katie."
What's up, my Chlo-riders?
It's me... Katie.
Could you just give me
a little more smile in the eyes?
Hey, Greg,
isn't today the anniversary
of the Battle of Ridgefield?
Yes.
Well, you should get dressed for battle.
Your ride just showed up.
What are you talking about?
Lieutenant Otto,
700 British are advancing on the town.
General Wooster needs
his officers on the battlefield.
Shall we kill some redcoats, sir?
If I die this day,
let it be known that I died for freedom!
I'm gonna go change.
I'll be right back.
Actually, I'm gonna wait by the car.
- Okay!
- Hi, Katie.
Hi.
Ooh! Oh.
- Greg?
- I'm fine, I'm fine, yeah.
Thanks for convincing Stan
to take Greg back.
No thanks necessary.
I literally did nothing.
Stan was miserable without Greg, too.
And when you came to the house,
he'd already decided to reach out.
So all those things that I said...
Didn't have to do any of it.
Well, that is just so funny.
But, Katie, for real,
you have a lovely lawn.
Only thing missing... Adirondack chairs.
I'll see you around, Kit-Kat.
And the worst part is
I didn't tell Greg
that I groveled for him,
so I didn't even get the marital chips.
Being a halfway-decent wife sucks.
And the best part is
these chairs once belonged
to Paul Newman.
Kids, that's not true.
You wouldn't know about it, Greg.
His time in these chairs
was very private.
How'd you convince Chloe
to give you the chairs anyway?
Ooh, let's hurry this up.
You two get caught stealing,
slap on the wrist.
I just get seen in someone's
backyard, I get shot.
I just asked.
And she could not
have been more gracious.
Oh.
That bitch!
Oh, that dirty little bitch!
I'm gonna take those chairs
and run them right up her ass!
No!!
My chairs!
My beautiful chairs!
Move.
Whatever happened
between the two of you,
I love it.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org